hey guys I'm John Boyet for safety for
the university or picked off by John
this is awesome Stadium the loudest most
electrifying stadium in America we're
standing here on the edge of Autzen
Stadium as you can see the bridge fans
pile across the bridge making their way
from campus over to Autzen on game day
here's where the greatest fans in
college football
enter Autzen Stadium but for now I'm
going to show you how the players enter
I'm standing here in front of the tunnel
Flynn which honors all of our past
players on game day we get dropped off
here and then head through the mo to
greet all of our fans and then we get
off the game day once we come out of the
mo and get done greeting our fans we
walk on through here over to the locker
room
just the Oregon football locker room
which my man Brian Bennett's going to
show you but for now I'm gonna lead you
on down the tunnel where I stand right
now on game day choosing this is all
usually all blocked off thousands of
fans crowding around but this is where
we make away from artwork and locker
room on the field we're now making away
from the locker room on down the tunnel
into Autzen Stadium hundreds of fans are
piled over chanting our names getting
ready for a big day not the stadium
so I'm game day this whole tunnels all
blacked out people are going crazy you
can hear the fans jumping around
pounding on the wall and we make our way
down we got music pumping on the field
and we'll get juiced get ready to play
greatest game of our life will finally
make it all right down to the end of the
tunnel
getting ready for game time everybody's
jumping up and down we give a little
pump up speech to get our guys hyped up
for the game fans are going crazy the
Hartley's revenue
and then we get away and break out onto
the field and the last thing we do
before we take the field we hit our we
hit our sign our team motto fast hard
finish and we go out and win the day
as you can see down there what we just
came out of the tunnel come out onto the
field the great thing about this stadium
we've got a big old Jumbotron and it's a
great feeling after you make a pick or a
big hit you look up at the jumbotron and
get a watch yourself like when I'm out
here on defense fans are going wild
jumping up and down saying defense I
look to my left and right guys can't
hear what I'm saying we got to go hand
give hand signals and this is where we
shove people out and put a lot of points
on the board right behind me in the
corner of the endzone sections two to
seven is our student section our fans
are wild always on their feet give us a
lot of energy and keeps up keep the
momentum going throughout games then
over here to our left obviously we have
our student section and then making our
way towards the fifty is our families
it's nice to have our family support and
and have them moving behind us
throughout the season I got one last
hidden gem to show you guys follow me up
to the Suites yes we are guys we're in
our number one fan Phil Knight suite
founder of Nike he means everything to
this program this is where Phil Knight
watches the game as you can see you got
the beautiful mountains in the
background the brand new baseball
stadium pique park and on Saturdays game
day in Autzen Stadium this is the best
seat in the house
so as you can see this is a lounge
during games they got everything ribs
sausage chili flaming yawns sometimes I
wish I could be up here lounging back
watching the game instead of grinding
down there on the field I'm standing
halfway up on some Stadium
just imagine thousands and thousands of
fans yelling their name screaming go
ducks go ducks
don't be
with the
but for now guys thanks for the tour I
got to get on over to class